c:\users\philippe\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CaliburnTest1\CaliburnTest1\bin\Debug\CaliburnTest1.exe.config
c:\users\philippe\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CaliburnTest1\CaliburnTest1\obj\Debug\AppView.baml
c:\users\philippe\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CaliburnTest1\CaliburnTest1\obj\Debug\AppView.g.cs
c:\users\philippe\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CaliburnTest1\CaliburnTest1\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\philippe\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CaliburnTest1\CaliburnTest1\obj\Debug\CaliburnTest1_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\philippe\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CaliburnTest1\CaliburnTest1\obj\Debug\CaliburnTest1.g.resources
c:\users\philippe\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CaliburnTest1\CaliburnTest1\obj\Debug\CaliburnTest1.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\philippe\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CaliburnTest1\CaliburnTest1\obj\Debug\CaliburnTest1.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\philippe\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CaliburnTest1\CaliburnTest1\bin\Debug\CaliburnTest1.exe
c:\users\philippe\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CaliburnTest1\CaliburnTest1\bin\Debug\CaliburnTest1.pdb
c:\users\philippe\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CaliburnTest1\CaliburnTest1\bin\Debug\Caliburn.Micro.dll
c:\users\philippe\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CaliburnTest1\CaliburnTest1\bin\Debug\Caliburn.Micro.Platform.dll
c:\users\philippe\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CaliburnTest1\CaliburnTest1\bin\Debug\System.Windows.Interactivity.dll
c:\users\philippe\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CaliburnTest1\CaliburnTest1\bin\Debug\Caliburn.Micro.xml
c:\users\philippe\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CaliburnTest1\CaliburnTest1\bin\Debug\Caliburn.Micro.Platform.xml
c:\users\philippe\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CaliburnTest1\CaliburnTest1\bin\Debug\System.Windows.Interactivity.xml
c:\users\philippe\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CaliburnTest1\CaliburnTest1\obj\Debug\GeneratedInternalTypeHelper.g.cs
c:\users\philippe\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CaliburnTest1\CaliburnTest1\obj\Debug\CaliburnTest1_MarkupCompile.lref
c:\users\philippe\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CaliburnTest1\CaliburnTest1\obj\Debug\App.baml
c:\users\philippe\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CaliburnTest1\CaliburnTest1\obj\Debug\CaliburnTest1.exe
c:\users\philippe\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CaliburnTest1\CaliburnTest1\obj\Debug\CaliburnTest1.pdb
C:\Users\philippe\Documents\GitHub\CaliburnTest\CaliburnTest1\bin\Debug\CaliburnTest1.exe.config
C:\Users\philippe\Documents\GitHub\CaliburnTest\CaliburnTest1\obj\Debug\CaliburnTest1.exe
C:\Users\philippe\Documents\GitHub\CaliburnTest\CaliburnTest1\obj\Debug\CaliburnTest1.pdb
C:\Users\philippe\Documents\GitHub\CaliburnTest\CaliburnTest1\bin\Debug\CaliburnTest1.exe
C:\Users\philippe\Documents\GitHub\CaliburnTest\CaliburnTest1\bin\Debug\CaliburnTest1.pdb
C:\Users\philippe\Documents\GitHub\CaliburnTest\CaliburnTest1\bin\Debug\Caliburn.Micro.dll
C:\Users\philippe\Documents\GitHub\CaliburnTest\CaliburnTest1\bin\Debug\Caliburn.Micro.Platform.dll
C:\Users\philippe\Documents\GitHub\CaliburnTest\CaliburnTest1\bin\Debug\System.Windows.Interactivity.dll
C:\Users\philippe\Documents\GitHub\CaliburnTest\CaliburnTest1\bin\Debug\Caliburn.Micro.xml
C:\Users\philippe\Documents\GitHub\CaliburnTest\CaliburnTest1\bin\Debug\Caliburn.Micro.Platform.xml
C:\Users\philippe\Documents\GitHub\CaliburnTest\CaliburnTest1\bin\Debug\System.Windows.Interactivity.xml
C:\Users\philippe\Documents\GitHub\CaliburnTest\CaliburnTest1\obj\Debug\CaliburnTest1.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\philippe\Documents\GitHub\CaliburnTest\CaliburnTest1\obj\Debug\AppView.baml
C:\Users\philippe\Documents\GitHub\CaliburnTest\CaliburnTest1\obj\Debug\AppView.g.cs
C:\Users\philippe\Documents\GitHub\CaliburnTest\CaliburnTest1\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
C:\Users\philippe\Documents\GitHub\CaliburnTest\CaliburnTest1\obj\Debug\GeneratedInternalTypeHelper.g.cs
C:\Users\philippe\Documents\GitHub\CaliburnTest\CaliburnTest1\obj\Debug\CaliburnTest1_MarkupCompile.cache
C:\Users\philippe\Documents\GitHub\CaliburnTest\CaliburnTest1\obj\Debug\CaliburnTest1_MarkupCompile.lref
C:\Users\philippe\Documents\GitHub\CaliburnTest\CaliburnTest1\obj\Debug\App.baml
C:\Users\philippe\Documents\GitHub\CaliburnTest\CaliburnTest1\obj\Debug\CaliburnTest1.g.resources
C:\Users\philippe\Documents\GitHub\CaliburnTest\CaliburnTest1\obj\Debug\CaliburnTest1.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\philippe\Documents\GitHub\CaliburnTest\CaliburnTest1\obj\Debug\CaliburnTest1.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
